Now that your site is set up there's briefly talk about WordPress security and also how to install WordPress
plugins which add additional functionality to your site.
So first thing in terms of keeping your site secure.
One of the best things that you can do is just come into updates here in the sidebar and just make sure
that you have the latest version of Wordpress WordPress are constantly updating the software just to
prevent against any hackers or spam.
So the best way to stay protected is just to check that you have the latest version of Wordpress and
you can just check that here.
If you see a little notification to install this you can just click the button and go ahead and install
it.
And there are other things that you can do to protect your site.
And one is to install some plug ins with additional security feature.
So if we come and the plug in section here plug ins really allow us to add additional functionality
to our site.
And it's one of the key benefits of setting up a Web site with wordpress because you can really add
so much extra functionality very easy.
In fact if we come to the Wordpress dot org site we can see under plug ins here that there are about
50000 extra plug ins which we can easily just on into our site we can see how many people use them etc..
Now I want to show you a plug in that you can use to add a little bit of extra security to your site.
But before we do that we can actually go ahead and delete some of these plug ins that are pre-installed
on our WordPress site.
Now plug ins do take up a little bit of space on your side so if you're not using them it's probably
recommended that you delete them.
So for example we can see that this jetpack and hello dolly are by default installed on our site.
And what we can do is actually Firstly deactivate any plug in that we don't want first and then when
we can go ahead and do it select them and delete them.
So this is the process no matter what plugin you are using you can install them delete them test them.
And it's very easy to add them in.
Now in order to find new plug ins you can just click on Add new and then you can come up to the search
bar here if you want.
You can also see some plugins are featured here and there's also some of the most popular ones here
as well which you can come in and you can have a look at really what they actually do.
And if you think that's a political will to you you can just go ahead and install them very very easily.
Now I'm going to show you how to install a plug in.
And this is one that will just help a little bit with security.
It's called log in lockdown and it should pop right up.
And what we can do is go ahead and just install this.
Essentially what this will do is limit the number of log in attempts from a given IP range within a
certain period.
So say if somebody was trying to hack your site they're just putting a script on to try a load of different
passwords.
Will this little plug in.
We'll lock them out of the side for an hour so that they can't hack in.
So you need to do is click install and then we can see it's been installed.
If we come to our list of installed plugins.
We can see that it is here we need to activate it.
And that's all we really need to do to add that extra security in.
Now what you can do also is adjust the settings if you want to become to settings log in lock.
Then we can see that the number of failed attempts before they retry.
We can change that if we want.
How long they're locked out of you can adjust those settings easily.
For this plug in and for any plug in the very same way.
Once you download them are just going to leave it as it is.
It's that simple plug in and they no need to adjust the settings.
So that is how you add some additional security to your site.
Remember just to make sure you're always updating to the latest version of Wordpress you can add in
a slogan like log in like lockdown and you can also at any other plug into your Wordpress Web site.
In the very same way.